---
layout: page
title:  "Mastrogiannis Ouzo"
breadcrumb: false
show_meta: false
permalink: "/spirits/ouzo/index.html"
categories:
    - spirits
tags:
    - spirits
image:
    title: "/Ouzo.jpg"
    caption: Copper pot distilled twice from wine.
---

Mastrogiannis Ouzo is a simple botanical mix of anise seed, orange peel, fennel, coriander, cinnamon and a touch of cane sugar. An authentic Ouzo distilled from a wine base that comes from the Pacific Northwest's Eastern Washington grape region which is then re-distilled along with the botanicals into an Ouzo that has a lot of character. The flavor profile is loaded with anise seeds in the front, spicy and citrusy notes from the coriander and orange, but soft enough be enjoyed on the rocks. It’s truly a simple, hand crafted ouzo.

Using premium wine as our base allows us to breaks the rules and create an Ouzo that is unique season after season, and as a true agricultural grape-to-bottle distillery every 50-gallon batch is as precious as the original wine used. 
<br><br>
Our Ouzo is distilled the old and traditional way, no shortcuts. Just like the Greeks back in the old days, no neutral spirit is added or used just simple ingredients and just like the land, grapes and wine that we use to distill it each bottle is truly remarkable


<h2>Technical details</h2>
<b>Base:</b>
Wine copper pot distilled just twice.
<br>
<b>Ingredients:</b>
Water, wine distillate, anise seed, orange peel, fennel, coriander, cinnamon and a touch of cane sugar.
<br>
<b>TTB Class and Type:</b>
Liqueur (thus the cane sugar requirement).
<br>
<b>Alcohol:</b>
43% ALC./VOL.
<br>

Cheers,
<br>
-ilias mastrogiannis



